That's it, the meeting is adjourned
Xiao Jiang always brought you the meal
Isn't Miss Chen Lin a message from Mr. Wang?
Why did you come to deliver food to Mr. Xiaojiang in person?
Introduce
This is my girlfriend.
What car?
You paid you 1,000 yuan and never refunded it.
There we go.
I love you too.
Then I love you very much, so I'll go first
Unexpectedly, Mr. Wang is quite amazing
After the fall of Mr. Jiang
Quickly dedicated his prostitute to Mr. Xiao Jiang
Who says it's not?
If it weren't for his old housing, it would be on the ground
What the hell are you two talking about me?
No one else uses it
I dare not go there
I can give you another chance.
If done well
Can be promoted
raise
Thank you. Thank me.
Ah welcome to make you a fried rice
Sprained hand
Go ahead.
Mr. Xiao Jiang
Shouldn't you still be a 13-year-old child?
I just sprained someone's hand
As a result, he turned his face and didn't recognize the person
Okay, stop it.
I can't do it anymore.
It's unbelievable
The encounter in front of you
The same person as at the cemetery